{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf660
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 processing data is a big part of modern life. Inter- esting data typically is sparse in certain representations. An example is an image, which is sparse in, say, the wavelet representation. The conventional way to handle such signal is to acquire all the data first and then compress it, as is done in image processing. The problem with this kind of processing is, as Donoho puts it in his seminal paper [35]: \'94Why go to so much effort to acquire all the data when most of what we get will be thrown away? Can we not just directly measure the part that will not end up being thrown away?\'94 Indeed, compressed sensing (CS) does just that\'96 measuring only the part of data that is not thrown away. The well- known Shannon\'92s sampling theorem states that to recover a signal exactly, the sampling rate must be as least the Nyquist rate, which is twice the maximum frequency of the signal. In contrast, using CS, far fewer samples or measurements at far below the Nyquist rate are required to recover the signal as long as the signal is sparse and the measurement is incoherent, the exact meanings of which will be revealed later. In addition, CS has other attractive attributes, such as universality, fault- tolerance, robustness to noise, graceful degradation, etc. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Since its introduction in [10] and [35] in 2006, CS has received much attention in the research community. Thousands of papers have been published on topics related to CS, and hundreds of conferences, workshops and special sessions have 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 been devoted to CS [39]. CS has been showed to bring significant performance gains in wide-ranging applications from astronomy, biology, communications, image and video processing, medicine, to radar. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Therefore, instead of covering a wide-range of CS applications, we focus on a few represen- tative applications and provide very detailed description for the covered applications. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 At the physical layer, CS can be used in detecting and estimating sparse physical signals such as ultra-wide-band (UWB) signals, wide-band cognitive radio signals, and MIMO signals. Also, CS can be used as erasure code. At the MAC layer, CS can be used to implement multi-access channels. At the network layer, CS can be used for data collection in wireless sensor networks, where the sensory signals are usually sparse in certain representations. At the application level, CS can be used to monitor the network itself, where network performance metrics are sparse in some transform domains. In many cases, CS was shown to bring performance gains on the order of 10X. We believe this is just the beginning of CS applications in communications networks, and the future will see even more fruitful applications of CS in our field. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}